c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\bin\Debug\TrabalhoLP4.exe.config
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\TrabalhoLP4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\Cadastrar.baml
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\Cadastrar.g.cs
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\TrabalhoLP4_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\TrabalhoLP4.g.resources
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\TrabalhoLP4.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\TrabalhoLP4.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\bin\Debug\TrabalhoLP4.exe
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\bin\Debug\TrabalhoLP4.pdb
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\TrabalhoLP4.exe
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\TrabalhoLP4.pdb
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\Atualizar.baml
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\Consultar.baml
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\Excluir.baml
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\Atualizar.g.cs
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\Consultar.g.cs
c:\users\alunoct\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\Excluir.g.cs
D:\TrabalhoLp4\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\bin\Debug\TrabalhoLP4.exe.config
D:\TrabalhoLp4\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\TrabalhoLP4.exe
D:\TrabalhoLp4\TrabalhoLP4\TrabalhoLP4\obj\Debug\TrabalhoLP4.pdb
